keycloak-browser-flow-identity-provider-redirector-config (#72)
eclipse-sw360/sw360.website: content/en/docs/Deployment/Deploy-Keycloak-Authentication.md

   - **Token URL**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your-tenant-id>/oauth2/v2.0/token`
   - **Logout URL**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your-tenant-id>/oauth2/v2.0/logout`
   - **User Info URL**: `https://graph.microsoft.com/oidc/userinfo`
   - **Issuer**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your-tenant-id>/v2.0`
   - **JWKS URL**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your-tenant-id>/discovery/v2.0/keys`
   - **Validate Signatures**: ON
   - **Use JWKS URL**: ON
   - **Trust Email**: ON
   - **Client ID**: The Application (client) ID from Azure AD
   - **Client Secret**: The client secret you created in Azure AD
   - **Default Scopes**: `openid profile email`
5. Click **Save**.

### Step 4: Test the Integration
1. Click on Authentication from Left hand Configure Group section
2. Click on Browser Flow
3. Click config of Identity Provider Redirector  {{< figure src="/sw360/img/keycloak/keycloak-browser-flow-identity-provider-redirector-config.png" >}}
4. Provide Default Identity Provider as the value which was given in Identity Providers Alias ( e.g. `azure-foss360` in previous section) and click on save.

> 5. With this configuration update now access https://foss360.siemens.com/ and verify the automatic login with Azure ID redirect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. With this configuration update now access http://localhost:3000 and verify the automatic login with Azure ID redirect.
```
